Reporting issues: update (#27935)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/help/reporting_issues.markdown

sidebar: false
---

If you have an installation, a setup or a configuration issue, please use our [Forum](https://community.home-assistant.io/) to get help. We have a big community which will help you if they can.

If you found a bug, then please report it in one of our [trackers](/help/#bugs-feature-requests-and-alike). To help you and our developers to identify the issue quickly, please fill out the provided template. The "weird" content you will see, is there to render your entry in a nice format after submitting. It's just [markdown](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax).

> To see the version information, refer to the [**Settings** > **About**](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/info/) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the version information, refer to the {% my info title="**Settings** > **About**" %} page.
```

## Description of the problem

Provide a summary of your issue and tell us what's wrong. Tell us what you were trying to do and what happened.

There are integrations which require additional steps (installing third-party tools, compilers, etc.) to get your setup working. Please describe the steps you took and the ones to reproduce the issue if needed.

## First Home Assistant version with the issue

> Please provide the version which contains the issue. You can find the version information under [**Settings** > **System** > **Repairs** > Three dots in the upper right > **System information**](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/system_health/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please provide the version which contains the issue. You can find the version information under {% my system_health title="**Settings** > **System** > **Repairs** > Three dots in the upper right > **System information**" %}.
```

## Last working Home Assistant release (if known)

> If possible, provide the latest release of which you know that the integration or platform was working. Home Assistant is evolving very fast and issues may already be addressed or be introduced by a recent change. You can find the detailed information about your system under [**Settings** > **System** > **Repairs** > Three dots in the upper right > **System information**](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/system_health/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If possible, provide the latest release of which you know that the integration or platform was working. Home Assistant is evolving very fast and issues may already be addressed or be introduced by a recent change. You can find the detailed information about your system under {% my system_health title="**Settings** > **System** > **Repairs** > Three dots in the upper right > **System information**" %}
```

## Operating environment

> There are many different ways to run Home Assistant. In this section, please mention which you are using: Home Assistant Operating System, Home Assistant Supervised, Home Assistant Core in Docker or a manual installation of the Home Assistant Core. It can help if you mention which operating system you are using because not all are supported on the same level. You can find this information under [**Settings** > **System** > **Repairs** > Three dots in the upper right > **System information**](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/system_health/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many different ways to run Home Assistant. In this section, please mention which you are using: Home Assistant Operating System, Home Assistant Supervised, Home Assistant Core in Docker, or a manual installation of the Home Assistant Core. It would be helpful to mention which operating system you are using because not all are supported on the same level. You can find this information under {% my system_health title="**Settings** > **System** > **Repairs** > Three dots in the upper right > **System information**" %}.
```

## Integration

> Please add the link to the documentation of the integration in question. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please add the link to the documentation of the integration in question. For example:
```

- Issue with the `random` sensor: [/integrations/random#sensor](/integrations/random#sensor).
- Issue with the `hue` integration: [/integrations/hue/](/integrations/hue/).

### Diagnostics information

> Consider uploading [the diagnostics file](docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#debug-logs-and-diagnostics) along with your issue report to allow faster triaging and pinpointing the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider uploading [the diagnostics file](/docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#debug-logs-and-diagnostics) along with your issue report to allow faster triaging and pinpointing the issue.
```

Make sure that you don't post your username, password, API key, access token or other [secrets](/docs/configuration/secrets/).

### Traceback and log information (if applicable)

> If things go wrong, there will be a so-called traceback or an error message [in your log](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/logs/). Please include this. It starts with **Traceback** and can contain information about where the error was triggered in the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If things go wrong, there will be a so-called traceback or an error message {% my logs title="in your log" %}. Please include this. It starts with **Traceback** and can contain information about where the error was triggered in the code.
```

> In some cases, it is also necessary to [enable debug logging](docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#debug-logs-and-diagnostics) to get detailed logs to triage an issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, it is also necessary to [enable debug logging](/docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#debug-logs-and-diagnostics) to get detailed logs to triage an issue.
```
